# Assignment Matplotlib and seaborn 
Question 1 -
What is Data Visualization?

Question 2 -
Why Data Visualization is important?

Question 3 -
How we can do Data Visualization using python i.e what all libraries?

Question 4 -
What all kinds of Plots we can do in Matplotlib python, Explain with each example plot script?

Question 5 -
What is different between Barplot and Histogram plot in python, explain with plot script?

Question 6 -
Create python scatter plot having plot tilte , xlabel and ylabel.

Question 7 -
Cretae python scatter plot- plotting 2 scatter plots in one figure and save the plot with name myscatter.png.

Question 8 -
Create python plot with legend at upperleft location.

Question 9 -
Dataset url - https://github.com/sameerCoder/DATA_ANALYST_DATASETS/tree/main/Matplotlib%20assignment
Filename - us-marriages-divorces-1867-2014.csv

Questions 10:
1- Visualize the number of marriages and divorces per capita in the U.S. between 1867 and 2014.
2- Set the xlabel, ylabel, xticks, yticks.
3- Set annotate() with red color.

Question 11:
1- Different between Seaborn and Matplotlib, their respective usages.

Question 12:
Dataset url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sameerCoder/ML_Datasets/main/titanic.csv"
1- Create Distplot, boxplot, joint plot, bar plot, count plot, Violin plot, Strip plot, Swarm plot.

Question 13 -
1- What is Heatmap and why we need Heatmap plot?
2- Using above Dataset create Heatmap.
3- Using above Dataset plot the heatmap of coorelation.

Question 14 -
Create pairplot of above Dataset.

Question 15 - 
What is Encapsulation, Explain with python script?

Question 16 -
What is Polymorphism, Explain with python script?

Question 17 -
What is Inheritance and How many Inheritances available in python?

Question 18 -
Create Python Script to create multiple folder inside current location.

Question 19 -
Create Python Script to list all the files and folder in current location.

Question 20 -
Create Python Script to display only and only all the .pdf files in current location.
